1. How do functions help facilitate teamwork?

Sol: When a program is developed as a set of functions that each performs an individual task,
     then different programmers can be assigned the job to writing different functions.

2. Name and describe the two parts of a function definition.

Sol: The two part of the function definition are:

    1) The function header, this part gives the function its name and also gives parameters that
       expect values during function call.
    2) The function body, this part is the code that performs the functions task.

3. When a function is executing, what happens when the end of the function block is reached?

Sol: When the end of a function block is reached during a function call then the interpreter jumps
     back to the part of the program that called the function, and the program resumes execution at
     that point.

4. What is a local variable? What statements are able to access a local variable?

Sol: A local variable is a variable that is defined in the function body, only statements within the 
     the function body have access to the local variable of the function.

5. What scope do parameter variables have?

Sol: The scope of the parameter variables are only within its function.

6. Why do global variables make a program difficult to debug?

Sol: Since global variables can be changed or modifed at any point in the entire program, this makes it 
     difficult to trace how the variable changes especially if the program is large.

7. Suppose you want to select a random number from the following sequence:
		 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30
    What library function would you use?

Sol: Can use choice() function from the random module.

8. What statement do you have to have in a value-returning function?

Sol: return statement is needed for a function to return a value.

9. Draw an IPO chart that documents the input, processing, and output of the built-in
   input function.

Sol: ---------No-------------

10. What is a Boolean function?

Sol: A boolean function is any function that returns a True or False.

11. What are the advantages of breaking a large program into modules?

Sol: Large programs are easier to debug and maintain when they are divided into modules.