1. What does a professional programmer usually do first to gain an understanding of a problem?

Sol: Programmers usually use tools such as pseudocode and flowchart to model the problem.

2. How does pseudocode differ from actual code written in a programming language?

Sol: In pseudocode we write the steps to sovle the problem informally and without regard to 
     syntax. Pseudocode is just used to give an idea about how to implement a problem in code.

3. Computer programs typically perform what three steps?

Sol: The three steps that a computer program performs are:
        1) Input is received by the program.
        2) Some process is performed on the input.
        3) Output is produced.

4. What rules and considerations should influence the names given to variables in a program?

Sol: Rules of naming a variable in python are as follow:
        1) A variable name can only contain alphabets, digits and the special character '_'.
        2) A variable name can only start with an alphabet or '_'.
        3) A variable name cannot be any python key word. 
        4) In python variable names are case senstive.

5. What is the difference between floating-point division and integer division?

Sol: In floating point division the result is a floating point number.

     In integer division the result is an integer. If the resultant is positive than
     the decimal part is truncated, if the resultant is negative then the number is 
     rounded away form zero.

6. What is a magic number? Why are magic numbers problematic?

Sol: A magic number is an unexplained value that appears in a program's code.

     1) It can be difficult for someone reading the code to find the purpose of the 
        magic number.
     2) If the magic number is used at multiple locations in the program, it can take 
        effort to change the number in each location, if the need arises.
     3) In using magic numbers you take the risk of making unintended typographical mistakes
        each time you type the magic number in the program.

7. Assume a program uses the named constant PI to represent the value 3.14159. The
   program uses the named constant in several statements. What is the advantage of using
   the named constant instead of the actual value 3.14159 in each statement?

Sol: The advantage of using named constant:

        They make the program more sel explanatory.
        
        It makes it easier to change the value of the named constant,
        without editing in multiple locations.

        Incase of any typographical mistakes in writing the named constant
        the python interpreter will throw an exception.

