6.1 What is an output file?

Sol: The term output file is used to describe a file that data is written to.

6.2 What is an input file?

Sol: The term input file refers to a file that data is read from.

6.3 What three steps must be taken by a program when it uses a file?

Sol: The three steps that must be taken when a program uses a file are:
        1) Open the file.
        2) Process the file.
        3) Close the file.

6.4 In general, what are the two types of files? What is the difference between these
    two types of files?

Sol: The two kinds of files are:
        1) Text files: A text file contains data that has been encoded as text, using scheme such as ASCII
           or Unicode.

        2) A binary file contains data that has not been converted to text. The data that is stored in a 
           binary file is intended only for a program to read.

6.5 What are the two types of file access? What is the difference between these two?

Sol: The two types of file acess are:
        1) Sequential access
        2) Direct access

     Sequential access file, you access data from the beginning of the file to the end of the file sequentially.

     In direct access files you can jump directly to any piece of data in the file without reading the data that
     comes before it.

6.6 When writing a program that performs an operation on a file, what two file associated names 
    do you have to work with in your code?

Sol: The two file associated names are:
        1) The file object. This file object is an object that is associated with a specific file and provides a way 
           for the program to work with that file.
        2) A variable that references the file object. This variable is used to carry out any operations that are performed
           on the file.

6.7 If a file already exists, what happens to it if you try to open it as an output file
    (using the 'w' mode)?

Sol: When you open a file in 'w' mode all of its contents are erased and new content is written in the file.

6.8 What is the purpose of opening a file?

Sol: Opening a file creates a file object and associates it with a file on the disk.

6.9 What is the purpose of closing a file?

Sol: Closing the file disconnects the program from the file.

6.10 What is a file’s read position? Initially, where is the read position when an input
     file is opened?

Sol: A file's read position marks the location of the next item that will be read from the file.

     Initially the read position is set to the beginning of the file.

6.11 In what mode do you open a file if you want to write data to it, but you do not
     want to erase the file’s existing contents? When you write data to such a file, to
     what part of the file is the data written?

Sol: You open the file in append ('a') mode. Content written to files in this mode is written at the end of the file.